ON-11659 # Added storageType to compliance form element (#166)
oneblink/sdk-js: docs/form-elements/compliance.md

| `defaultValue` | Yes      | `string`  |                | The identifier of an option to be selected when the form is opened.                         |
| `required`     | Yes      | `boolean` | `false`        | Determine if this element requires an option to be selected (`true`) or not (`false`).      |
| `readOnly`     | Yes      | `boolean` | `false`        | Determine if this selected option be changed by the user (`false`) or not (`true`).         |

> | `storageType`  | no       | `boolean` | `false`        | How the media uploaded by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storageType`  | no       | `string` |        | How the media uploaded by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`              |
```
